Update DG for Delete Tag Command (#144)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

![EditSequenceDiagram-Model](images/EditSequenceDiagram-Model.png)

> ### Delete Tag Command

Reviewer: I think the heading should be renamed to "Delete Tag Feature" instead? On that note, I think it is better to shift it such that it is right after "Add Tag Feature" so that it is more coherent?

This section aims to show the logic behind delete tag command and the consideration behind the scene.

Delete Tag Command is a new featured added for user to delete certain tag associated with a specific person located by index of the current list. This command is called by `deletetag` followed by the index of the targeted person, then a target tag `tag` object. In case of the targeting tag is not associated with the person, an error message suggesting missing targeted tag will be returned.

> 

Reviewer: I think it is important to specify that you can only delete 1 tag? This is because add, edit and addtag each allows for multiple tags. I think it is important to state such specification and possibly the design choice? Or maybe add deletion of multiple tags for a future implementation.

The delete tag mechanism is facilitated by `DeleteTagCommand` and `DeleteTagCommandParser` that extends `Command` and `Parser` respectively. The `DeleteTagCommandParser` takes in an `index` and the `tag` to delete from a person. If both are supplied and valid, they are passed into the `DeleteTagCommand`.

The current allowed formats for required fields are as follows:

- `Index` : an `Integer` within the range greater than 0, smaller than the size of the currently displayed contact list.

> - `Tag` : one alphanumeric characters with no spaces between them.

Reviewer: I think the one should be omitted?

The following sequence diagram shows how `DeleteTagCommand` interacts with `Logic`.

> ![DeleteTagSequenceDiagram](images/DeleteTagSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer: Is it possible to save to SVG instead? We have decided to standardize to use .svg for our UML diagrams as they are more clear as compared to PNG.

> 1. The user keys in `deltetag 1 t/validTag` to delete 1 validtag that associated with the `person` at the first `index`.

Reviewer: I think there is a spelling error with `deletetag`? Also I think the phrasing can be improved with:
```suggestion
1. The user keys in `deletetag 1 t/validTag` to delete `validTag` associated with the `person` at the first `index`.
```
